Doc changes/terraform (#62)
cnoe-io/stacks: terraform-integrations/README.md

1. Installs `fluxcd` source repository controller as an `argo` application.
2. Installs `tofu-controller` for managing the lifecycle of terraform deployments from your Kubernetes cluster for operations such as create, delete and update.

> Make sure all ArgoCD applications are synced and healthy before proceeding. Refer to the tofu controller and flux documentation [here](https://flux-iac.github.io/tofu-controller/use-tf-controller/provision-resources-and-auto-approve/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!TIP] or [!NOTE]
> Make sure all ArgoCD applications are synced and healthy before proceeding. 

For examples and documentation, Refer to the [tofu controller and flux guide](https://flux-iac.github.io/tofu-controller/use-tf-controller/provision-resources-and-auto-approve/)
```

Reviewer: Ref: https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#alerts
